okay oh yeah yeah good good put him on
the real ask in your clothes yeah
proof that life is in the Clark for whoo
that's a good one too and then formally
known as Prince
big brownie training the background
lifting up here oh yeah that is a
brilliant fish all right set him in the
net we don't want to hurt you just lost
her double and it was hung up now Cod's
got one going triple go ahead and get
another one out there and they like your
junk you got there Todd there you go
right out in there in
they're hot you're good fish just keep
doing whatever you're doing
that's a beauty oh that's a lovely one
Wow
Bravo these are tough fish all wild fish
right it is he's just in his fish all
right buddy bat ready beautiful sixteen
and a half maybe 16 and 3/4 all right
sir look at that fish games
sweet I think it was the glasses that
did it yeah huge afternoon another great
fish
they're eating your junk
well another one another beautiful
rainbow for Anna Goodwin and a tell us
about why you're so successful learning
skills yeah your hacking skills all of
them you can even catch a fish on the
Clark Fork ah that's a great one
Oh fumble
you
really big deal I had to brace my arm
here and it's not stopping
she's like bring it it's big 19 maybe
bigger doing great even consistent
pressure buddy doing great God that
thing doesn't like me every time I get
near it he just takes off just go easy
keep shorting up the distance if you can
yeah keep it short when possible